what's up and welcome to house energy
today I'm going to review the patron DFT
patel md leverage is falling it's a
asian bubble i think without any
carbonation i'm not quite over anyway so
let's open it up oh it's a tough one no
carbonation while it smells like bubble
gum county bubble gum we'll see if it
tastes as good let's turn to mmm tak
well it's a good one it's a really good
they taste like candy bubble gum which
is of course laid good of course haha
well the design the bottle it's not like
any good this tastes like ego or
something it's quite cool see it's like
asian text and symbols and stuff so it's
not a cool cam well it's a glass bottle
it's a small one that's cool so i would
give this 02 it's not anything special
um the taste is very good i like it
really pretty much i'm gonna give it a
nine man haha time out of time another
time I seriously like this one I just
gotta have some more
mmm it tastes like candy or something
it's really good so just by like loads
of loads of them just drink it's so
freaking amazing I think well we'll see
in the some future episode and keep
eternity